It has set world designer Yumi Fujiwara of
It is a woman who is like a lonesome girl
I thought a really lovely Nee
Ray
Set split of run and 2
Everyone like you can see the cute Puppy Hello
I am the designer of innocent world, Yu Fujiwara
Today I would like to introduce you to the innocent world of Osaka .
I will
Design and coordination of Daiso of this hair has me
The hair of the theme is the maiden of Eree pox
The first world match begins with the end of the 19th century with the Belle epoch
The glamorous times reflected by Paris up to 1914
We say the situation to the tomb of peaceful and rich art
This desk is what was made in France about 100 years ago from now
I want to make a desk for designing antique furniture in France
We had you look for in antique furniture shop and purchased
I like the design of the cat 's foot beautifully inlaid
The chandelier in the center of the room is also a French antique
Shade of angel and white rose
Perfect for the brand image of Innocent World
We purchased by prompt decision at first glance
I travel to Europe to collect medicines and materials twice a year or so
I often go to the flea market among them
The flea market is an antique city in Europe
Casual things like outdoor flea markets
There are cheap and cute things
It is a stuffed toy of the deer which I found in the city of Paris in Paris
I think that the place where the flower seeds are added to the gentle Vetna is pretty
I am always healed by this child
I also bought this from Paris City
It is a grand piano type figurine
You can put accessories when you open the lid
It was made by the French maker Limoges
It was around 3500 yen in Japanese yen
This picture is an artist representing Japan
It is Alice of the mirror country where Kaneko Kuniyoshi teacher was written
Hmm
This lamp is a British antique
It comes with a small table
Old European nobles put a chair next to the lamp
On this platform
I now put my pet and spent an elegant time
We also want to have such a wonderful time for us today
Junpei the mouth
Cute but splash nv the solution Darzuairu
Zaab
Wow odu delivered to the char engine Chia part of the school